de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/WorldToRasterCoordXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.WorldToRasterCoordXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/constructor/GeomFromWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.constructor.GeomFromWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/USMileToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.USMileToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsPolygonCCWTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsPolygonCCWTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/EqualNormTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.EqualNormTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/relation/BBOXBelowTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.relation.BBOXBelowTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/EndPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.EndPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/NormalizeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.NormalizeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/SimplifyTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.SimplifyTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/NumYTilesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.NumYTilesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/constructor/PointFromTextTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.constructor.PointFromTextTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/CompactnessRatioTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.CompactnessRatioTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToKilometerTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToKilometerTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/ZTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.ZTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/USFootToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.USFootToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/ShortestLineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.ShortestLineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsTriangleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsTriangleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/editor/SetUpperLeftTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.editor.SetUpperLeftTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/HasDuplicateRingsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.HasDuplicateRingsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/RelateTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.RelateTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsTextTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsTextTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/USYardToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.USYardToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/TranslateXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.TranslateXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/CircumcentreTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.CircumcentreTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumBoundingRadiusTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumBoundingRadiusTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/SplitTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.SplitTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/constructor/LineFromEncodedPolylineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.constructor.LineFromEncodedPolylineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/MaxValueTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.MaxValueTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/DCTTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.DCTTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/AddConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.AddConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/constructor/MakeEmptyRasterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.constructor.MakeEmptyRasterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/AreaTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.AreaTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/relation/MedianIntersectsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.relation.MedianIntersectsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/ValueTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.ValueTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/TileWidthTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.TileWidthTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/editor/AddBandTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.editor.AddBandTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/SharedPathsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.SharedPathsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/NauticalMileToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.NauticalMileToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/exporter/AsEncodedPolylineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.exporter.AsEncodedPolylineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/editor/SetStartPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.editor.SetStartPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/RemoveRepeatedPointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.RemoveRepeatedPointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/XTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.XTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/relation/EqualsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.relation.EqualsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/NDimsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.NDimsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/constructor/LineFromWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.constructor.LineFromWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MinYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MinYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsKMLTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsKMLTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MultConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MultConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/editor/AddPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.editor.AddPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/constructor/RastFromCoverageJSONTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.constructor.RastFromCoverageJSONTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/BinarizeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.BinarizeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/relation/SmallerIntersectsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.relation.SmallerIntersectsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/SnapTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.SnapTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/NumPointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.NumPointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/HeightTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.HeightTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsPolygonCWTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsPolygonCWTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/EqualTypeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.EqualTypeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/relation/BBOXDistanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.relation.BBOXDistanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsSVGTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsSVGTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/XorConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.XorConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToMillimeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToMillimeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToCentimeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToCentimeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/InchToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.InchToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/AddTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.AddTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/UpperLeftXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.UpperLeftXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/SkewXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.SkewXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/constructor/RastFromHexWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.constructor.RastFromHexWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/KilometerToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.KilometerToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MeanTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MeanTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/ExpTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.ExpTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/ShortestLineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.ShortestLineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MinTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MinTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/HasConnectedInteriorTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.HasConnectedInteriorTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/constructor/LineFromMultiPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.constructor.LineFromMultiPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/MaxDistanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.MaxDistanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/MemSizeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.MemSizeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/AndTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.AndTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/NotTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.NotTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/FurthestCoordinateTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.FurthestCoordinateTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/RasterToWorldCoordXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.RasterToWorldCoordXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/CollectionHomogenizeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.CollectionHomogenizeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/RelateMatchTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.RelateMatchTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/Is3DTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.Is3DTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsX3DTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsX3DTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MedianFilterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MedianFilterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsScaleneTriangleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsScaleneTriangleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/ClosestPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.ClosestPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumDiameterLineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumDiameterLineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/FrechetDistanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.FrechetDistanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/IntersectionPercentageTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.IntersectionPercentageTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToUSYardTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToUSYardTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/CentroidDistanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.CentroidDistanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/relation/ValueIntersectsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.relation.ValueIntersectsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsGeoURITest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsGeoURITest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsIsocelesTriangleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsIsocelesTriangleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/IsClosedTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.IsClosedTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsTextRawTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsTextRawTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/relation/BBOXAboveTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.relation.BBOXAboveTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MaxMTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MaxMTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumBoundingCircleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumBoundingCircleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToNauticalMileTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToNauticalMileTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/BandMetadataTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.BandMetadataTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/CircularityIndexTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.CircularityIndexTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/SimplifyPreserveTopologyTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.SimplifyPreserveTopologyTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/transform/ForcePolygonCCWTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.transform.ForcePolygonCCWTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/WorldToRasterCoordTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.WorldToRasterCoordTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/editor/SetPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.editor.SetPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/editor/SetGeometryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.editor.SetGeometryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/editor/EnsureClosedTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.editor.EnsureClosedTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/XorTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.XorTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsRightTriangleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsRightTriangleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToUSMileTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToUSMileTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/DivTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.DivTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MaxZTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MaxZTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToFootTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToFootTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/constructor/RastFromWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.constructor.RastFromWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsHEXEWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsHEXEWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumDiameterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumDiameterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MinMTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MinMTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/TileHeightTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.TileHeightTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/IsEmptyTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.IsEmptyTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/XMinTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.XMinTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/constructor/MakePointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.constructor.MakePointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/VoronoiPolygonsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.VoronoiPolygonsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/RasterToWorldCoordTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.RasterToWorldCoordTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/constructor/GeomFromGeoJSONTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.constructor.GeomFromGeoJSONTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/SelfIntersectionsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.SelfIntersectionsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/PointNTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.PointNTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/FlipCoordinatesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.FlipCoordinatesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/DistanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.DistanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/editor/AddRingTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.editor.AddRingTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/YMaxTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.YMaxTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/NRingsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.NRingsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/EnvelopeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.EnvelopeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsTextRoundTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsTextRoundTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/IsValidTrajectoryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.IsValidTrajectoryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToFathomTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToFathomTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/ScaleYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.ScaleYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/StartPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.StartPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/CollectionExtractTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.CollectionExtractTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/constructor/MakePointMTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.constructor.MakePointMTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/DivConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.DivConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/YTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.YTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/NodeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.NodeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/BoundingDiagonalTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.BoundingDiagonalTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/editor/RemoveRingTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.editor.RemoveRingTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/CentroidTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.CentroidTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/DensifyTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.DensifyTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/editor/SetEndPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.editor.SetEndPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/DelaunayTrianglesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.DelaunayTrianglesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/util/SampleRasters.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.util.SampleRasters
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/relation/BBOXRightOfTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.relation.BBOXRightOfTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToDecimeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToDecimeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/editor/RemoveGeometryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.editor.RemoveGeometryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/HasHorizontalCRSTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.HasHorizontalCRSTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/Force3DMTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.Force3DMTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/SubtractTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.SubtractTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/IsRingTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.IsRingTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/BoundaryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.BoundaryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/UpperLeftYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.UpperLeftYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/MinTileYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.MinTileYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/NumGeometriesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.NumGeometriesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MinFilterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MinFilterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/util/SampleGeometries.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.util.SampleGeometries
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToChainTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToChainTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/LinkToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.LinkToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/transform/OffsetCurveTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.transform.OffsetCurveTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToUSFootTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToUSFootTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/WidthTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.WidthTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MinZTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MinZTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/relation/GreaterIntersectsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.relation.GreaterIntersectsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/AzimuthTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.AzimuthTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsBinaryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsBinaryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/editor/SetRingTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.editor.SetRingTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/editor/RemovePointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.editor.RemovePointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/AngleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.AngleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToUSInchTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToUSInchTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/WorldToRasterCoordYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.WorldToRasterCoordYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsTWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsTWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/ScaleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.ScaleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/SummaryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.SummaryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/YMinTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.YMinTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/ShiftLongitudeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.ShiftLongitudeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/transform/ReverseRingTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.transform.ReverseRingTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/transform/ForcePolygonCWTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.transform.ForcePolygonCWTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/constructor/PolygonFromTextTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.constructor.PolygonFromTextTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/NumDistinctPointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.NumDistinctPointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/TranslateYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.TranslateYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/PerimeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.PerimeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsConvexTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsConvexTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/FathomToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.FathomToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsPolyshapeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsPolyshapeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsGeoJSONTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsGeoJSONTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/HasNoBandTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.HasNoBandTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/IDCTTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.IDCTTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/CentimeterToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.CentimeterToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/MultiTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.MultiTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/IntersectionMatrixTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.IntersectionMatrixTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/editor/RemoveRepeatedPointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.editor.RemoveRepeatedPointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/ConstantTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.ConstantTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/IsMorePreciseTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.IsMorePreciseTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToYardTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToYardTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/NumBandsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.NumBandsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/exporter/AsRastWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.exporter.AsRastWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MaxTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MaxTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/TileGridXOffsetTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.TileGridXOffsetTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/EqualTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.EqualTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/relation/BBOXLeftOfTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.relation.BBOXLeftOfTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/HausdorffDistanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.HausdorffDistanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/LogTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.LogTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MaxFilterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MaxFilterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/Force4DTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.Force4DTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/PolygonTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.PolygonTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/PrecisionReducerTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.PrecisionReducerTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/LongestLineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.LongestLineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToMileTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToMileTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/VoronoiLinesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.VoronoiLinesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/NumDistinctGeometriesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.NumDistinctGeometriesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/ForceCollectionTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.ForceCollectionTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/DifferenceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.DifferenceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumClearanceLineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumClearanceLineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/exporter/AsHexRastWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.exporter.AsHexRastWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/USInchToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.USInchToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/constructor/PolygonFromWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.constructor.PolygonFromWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/ScaleXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.ScaleXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/ClampTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.ClampTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/transform/SegmentizeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.transform.SegmentizeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/ReflectTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.ReflectTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/PointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.PointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/SubtractFromConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.SubtractFromConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/LineSelfIntersectionPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.LineSelfIntersectionPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumBoundingCircleCenterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumBoundingCircleCenterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/constructor/LineFromTextTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.constructor.LineFromTextTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/IsCollectionTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.IsCollectionTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/BandPixelTypeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.BandPixelTypeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/ThresholdTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.ThresholdTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/NumInteriorRingsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.NumInteriorRingsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/constructor/MakeLineTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.constructor.MakeLineTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/GeometricMedianTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.GeometricMedianTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/ChainToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.ChainToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/exporter/AsCoverageJSONTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.exporter.AsCoverageJSONTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsLatLonTextTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsLatLonTextTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/TransScaleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.TransScaleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/MultTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.MultTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/ReverseTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.ReverseTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumRectangleTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumRectangleTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MaxYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MaxYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/Force3DTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.Force3DTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/linestring/attribute/LengthToPointTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.linestring.attribute.LengthToPointTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/LengthTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.LengthTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/EqualSRSTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.EqualSRSTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MinXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MinXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/DecimeterToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.DecimeterToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/MinValueTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.MinValueTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/relation/IntersectionTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.relation.IntersectionTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MileToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MileToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MaxXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MaxXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/FootToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.FootToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/AreaSimilarityTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.AreaSimilarityTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/GeometryTypeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.GeometryTypeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MillimeterToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MillimeterToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/editor/AddGeometryTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.editor.AddGeometryTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/AbsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.AbsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/HasRepeatedPointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.HasRepeatedPointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToLinkTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToLinkTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/IsMeasuredTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.IsMeasuredTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/RotateTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.RotateTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/IsPlanarTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.IsPlanarTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/Force2DTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.Force2DTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/OrTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.OrTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/transform/ResizeTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.transform.ResizeTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/MinTileXTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.MinTileXTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/AndConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.AndConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/OrderingEqualsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.OrderingEqualsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/RasterToWorldCoordYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.RasterToWorldCoordYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/SimplifyVWTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.SimplifyVWTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/SkewYTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.SkewYTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/MeterToInchTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.MeterToInchTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/envelope/XMaxTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.envelope.XMaxTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/CropTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.CropTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/constructor/GeneratePointsTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.constructor.GeneratePointsTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/MinimumClearanceTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.MinimumClearanceTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/DistanceSphereTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.DistanceSphereTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/unit/YardToMeterTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.unit.YardToMeterTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/SubtractConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.SubtractConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/constructor/GeomFromTextTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.constructor.GeomFromTextTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/polygon/attribute/IsAcuteTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.polygon.attribute.IsAcuteTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/GeometryNTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.GeometryNTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/algebra/OrConstTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.algebra.OrConstTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/transform/SwapOrdinatesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.transform.SwapOrdinatesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/relation/EqualTopoTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.relation.EqualTopoTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/attribute/MTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.attribute.MTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/TileGridYOffsetTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.TileGridYOffsetTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/attribute/IsSolidTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.attribute.IsSolidTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/point/constructor/PointFromWKBTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.point.constructor.PointFromWKBTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/raster/attribute/NumXTilesTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.raster.attribute.NumXTilesTest
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/test/geometry/exporter/AsOSMLinkTest.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.test.geometry.exporter.AsOSMLinkTest
