de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/GeometryN.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.GeometryN
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsGeoJSON.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsGeoJSON
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/ClusterKMeans.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.ClusterKMeans
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/PostGISConfig.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.PostGISConfig
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/constructor/MakeLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.constructor.MakeLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsValidReason.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsValidReason
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodUnion.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodUnion
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/YMax.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.YMax
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MaxZ.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxZ
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxZ$AccMaxZ
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/Zmflag.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.Zmflag
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Dimension.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Dimension
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Smaller.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Smaller
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsGPX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsGPX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodPreceding.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodPreceding
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetBandIsNoData.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetBandIsNoData
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/MinFilter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.MinFilter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsGeoURI.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsGeoURI
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumDiameter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumDiameter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/constructor/RastFromHexWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.constructor.RastFromHexWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Intersection3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Intersection3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsPlanar.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsPlanar
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToUSYard.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToUSYard
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/AvgZ.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgZ
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgZ$AccAvgZ
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumClearanceLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumClearanceLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/MeetsBefore.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.MeetsBefore
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToUSMile.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToUSMile
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/MedianFilter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.MedianFilter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/WorldToRasterCoordX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.WorldToRasterCoordX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumBoundingRadius.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumBoundingRadius
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Affine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Affine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Distance3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Distance3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/RotateZ.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.RotateZ
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/Circumcentre.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.Circumcentre
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/VoronoiPolygons.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.VoronoiPolygons
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/PointFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.PointFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/RasterIntersection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.RasterIntersection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Equals.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Equals
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetSkew.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetSkew
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/AddBand.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.AddBand
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/And.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.And
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Translate.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Translate
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/FrechetDistance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.FrechetDistance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/MinTileY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.MinTileY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Constant.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Constant
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Roughness.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Roughness
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/SmallerIntersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.SmallerIntersects
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXBelow.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXBelow
org/geotoolkit/coverage/wkb/WKBRasterImageWriter.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterImageWriter
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterImageWriter$Spi
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/editor/RemoveRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.editor.RemoveRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/QuantizeCoordinates.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.QuantizeCoordinates
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/PixelAsPolygon.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.PixelAsPolygon
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/LineSelfIntersectionPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.LineSelfIntersectionPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Length3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Length3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToFathom.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToFathom
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/TileGridXOffset.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.TileGridXOffset
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/PixelHeight.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.PixelHeight
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/DWithin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.DWithin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/X.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.X
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/PointOnSurface.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.PointOnSurface
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsCollection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsCollection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/PrecisionReducer.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.PrecisionReducer
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/SimplifyPreserveTopology.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.SimplifyPreserveTopology
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/SRID.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.SRID
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToInch.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToInch
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/CentimeterToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.CentimeterToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MinZ.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinZ
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinZ$AccMinZ
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SRIDGetAxis1Orientation.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SRIDGetAxis1Orientation
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/MultiplyZ.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.MultiplyZ
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsValidDetail.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsValidDetail
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/BandMetaData.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.BandMetaData
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/transform/ReverseRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.transform.ReverseRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Reflect.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Reflect
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsLatLonText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsLatLonText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodSucceding.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodSucceding
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/ShortestLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.ShortestLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/constructor/RastFromCoverageJSON.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.constructor.RastFromCoverageJSON
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/IsEmpty.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.IsEmpty
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Starts.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Starts
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/MultConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.MultConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/InterpolatePoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.InterpolatePoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsScaleneTriangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsScaleneTriangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/SetEffectiveArea.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.SetEffectiveArea
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Rotation.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Rotation
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/BandPixelType.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.BandPixelType
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsDXF.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsDXF
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsAcute.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsAcute
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Rotate.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Rotate
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/transform/LineMerge.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.transform.LineMerge
org/locationtech/jump/algorithm/LocatePoint.java
 org.locationtech.jump.algorithm.LocatePoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/HasDuplicateRings.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.HasDuplicateRings
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.package-info
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/GMLCOVDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.GMLCOVDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Before.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Before
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Div.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Div
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/MinConvexHull.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.MinConvexHull
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.package-info
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/MakePointT.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.MakePointT
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/NumPatches.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.NumPatches
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/constructor/MakeEnvelope.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.constructor.MakeEnvelope
org/geotoolkit/coverage/wkb/WKBRasterConstants.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterConstants
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodOverlaps.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodOverlaps
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.package-info
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumBoundingCircleCenter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumBoundingCircleCenter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/OrderingEquals.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.OrderingEquals
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXDistance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXDistance
org/geotoolkit/io/LEDataOutputStream.java
 org.geotoolkit.io.LEDataOutputStream
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/ClosestPointOfApproach.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.ClosestPointOfApproach
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/PostGISGeo.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.PostGISGeo
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.PostGISGeo$Nodes
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXOverlapsAbove.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXOverlapsAbove
org/geotoolkit/coverage/wkb/WKBRasterBand.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterBand
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Touches.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Touches
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumDiameterLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumDiameterLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodStart.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodStart
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/SameAlignment.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.SameAlignment
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/Accum.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.Accum
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsTIFF.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsTIFF
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/CircularityIndex.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.CircularityIndex
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/example/JDBCConnection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.example.JDBCConnection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Distance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Distance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/ContainsProperly.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.ContainsProperly
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Densify.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Densify
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetBandNoDataValue.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetBandNoDataValue
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/HasHorizontalCRS.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.HasHorizontalCRS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Transform.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Transform
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/ConvexHull.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.ConvexHull
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Intersection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Intersection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/GeometryType.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.GeometryType
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToKilometer.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToKilometer
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodContains.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodContains
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/HausdorffDistance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.HausdorffDistance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/ClusterWithin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.ClusterWithin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsOSMLink.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsOSMLink
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXContains.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXContains
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/After.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.After
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Between.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Between
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsGeoJSONLD.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsGeoJSONLD
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/Angle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.Angle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/NDims.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.NDims
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Max.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Max
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MaxXDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxXDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/OrConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.OrConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Snap.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Snap
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/UnaryUnion.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.UnaryUnion
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsTWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsTWKB
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/GeoURIDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.GeoURIDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Boundary.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Boundary
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/GeoReference.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.GeoReference
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/NearestValue.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.NearestValue
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Reclass.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Reclass
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/CovJSONCoverage.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.CovJSONCoverage
org/geotoolkit/coverage/wkb/WKBRasterReader.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterReader
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/constructor/LineFromWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.constructor.LineFromWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/LongestLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.LongestLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/constructor/RastFromWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.constructor.RastFromWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/HasConnectedInterior.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.HasConnectedInterior
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/CoverageWrapper.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.CoverageWrapper
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomCollFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomCollFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/NumBands.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.NumBands
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/MaxDistance3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.MaxDistance3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/PointN.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.PointN
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/GeneratePoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.GeneratePoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/XMin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.XMin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/EqualNorm.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.EqualNorm
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumBoundingCircle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumBoundingCircle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/JtsPolyshapeWriter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.JtsPolyshapeWriter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsRaster.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsRaster
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumClearance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumClearance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/transform/ShearTransformation.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.transform.ShearTransformation
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SRIDHasFlippedAxis.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SRIDHasFlippedAxis
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/EnsureClosed.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.EnsureClosed
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/LocateAlong.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.LocateAlong
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MaxY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxY
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxY$AccMaxY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXFPIntersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXFPIntersects
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/CovJSONDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.CovJSONDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/SubtractFromConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.SubtractFromConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/LengthToPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.LengthToPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SRIDGetAxis2Name.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SRIDGetAxis2Name
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/ExteriorRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.ExteriorRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsTextRound.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsTextRound
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/AddMeasure.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.AddMeasure
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Multi.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Multi
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromPolyshape.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromPolyshape
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/RotateY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.RotateY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/MakeCircle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.MakeCircle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/MMin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.MMin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsPolyshape.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsPolyshape
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsTopoJSON.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsTopoJSON
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/NotSameAlignmentReason.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.NotSameAlignmentReason
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Node.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Node
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/VoronoiLines.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.VoronoiLines
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/HasNoBand.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.HasNoBand
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Threshold.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Threshold
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/WrapX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.WrapX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.package-info
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/RasterToWorldCoordX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.RasterToWorldCoordX
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/GPXDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.GPXDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/NauticalMileToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.NauticalMileToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/DecimeterToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.DecimeterToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Area.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Area
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/index/GeometryLiteralIndex.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.index.GeometryLiteralIndex
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.index.GeometryLiteralIndex$1
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.index.GeometryLiteralIndex$GeometryIndex
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/DelaunayTriangles.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.DelaunayTriangles
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/MeetsAfter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.MeetsAfter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/EqualType.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.EqualType
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/HasRepeatedPoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.HasRepeatedPoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/NumDistinctGeometries.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.NumDistinctGeometries
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/PixelAsPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.PixelAsPoint
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/topo/TopoJSONDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.topo.TopoJSONDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Difference.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Difference
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MinZDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinZDistinct
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/GeometryDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.GeometryDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/GML.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.GML
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.GML$Type
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Subtract.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Subtract
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Union.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Union
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/FurthestCoordinate.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.FurthestCoordinate
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/SkewX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.SkewX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/RelateMatch.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.RelateMatch
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/MakePointM.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.MakePointM
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/example/ExampleWebService.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.example.ExampleWebService
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/Units.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.Units
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.Units$Nodes
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsPolygonCW.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsPolygonCW
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/Constants.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.Constants
org/geotoolkit/coverage/SampleDimensionType.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.SampleDimensionType
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/MaxFilter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.MaxFilter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/BuildArea.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.BuildArea
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Reverse.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Reverse
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/NumPoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.NumPoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/PixelAsPoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.PixelAsPoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsLocationOnEdge.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsLocationOnEdge
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/AddZ.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.AddZ
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/exporter/AsEncodedPolyline.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.exporter.AsEncodedPolyline
heigit/ors/util/FrechetDistance.java
 heigit.ors.util.FrechetDistance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsInCRSAreaOfValidity.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsInCRSAreaOfValidity
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.package-info
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/EndPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.EndPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/transform/LineSubstring.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.transform.LineSubstring
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXIsContainedBy.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXIsContainedBy
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/USMileToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.USMileToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/transform/Segmentize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.transform.Segmentize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsMeasured.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsMeasured
org/locationtech/geowave/core/geotime/util/TWKBWriter.java
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBWriter
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBWriter$1
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBWriter$ExtendedPrecisionWriter
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBWriter$PrecisionWriter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/IsTranslucent.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.IsTranslucent
org/locationtech/jump/algorithm/LengthToPoint.java
 org.locationtech.jump.algorithm.LengthToPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Is3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Is3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/UpperLeftY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.UpperLeftY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodIntersect.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodIntersect
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Equal.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Equal
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Covers.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Covers
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/PolyshapeDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.PolyshapeDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/TileWidth.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.TileWidth
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/BoundingDiagonal.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.BoundingDiagonal
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MinY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinY
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinY$AccMinY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/GreaterIntersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.GreaterIntersects
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Split.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Split
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/IsTiled.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.IsTiled
org/locationtech/jtstest/util/io/SVGWriter.java
 org.locationtech.jtstest.util.io.SVGWriter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/USYardToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.USYardToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsRectangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsRectangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/SpatialFunctionBase.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.SpatialFunctionBase
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/constructor/MakePolygon.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.constructor.MakePolygon
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/relation/LineCrossingDirection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.relation.LineCrossingDirection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/MinTileX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.MinTileX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Centroid.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Centroid
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/AvgZDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgZDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Trim.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Trim
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MileToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MileToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToLink.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToLink
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/ZMax.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.ZMax
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/LocateBetweenElevations.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.LocateBetweenElevations
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/SpatialDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.SpatialDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/IntersectionPercentage.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.IntersectionPercentage
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/SelfIntersections.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.SelfIntersections
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Points.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Points
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Perimeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Perimeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsCoverageJSON.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsCoverageJSON
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/math/ToDegrees.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.math.ToDegrees
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Force3DM.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Force3DM
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/IsIndexed.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.IsIndexed
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/Polygon.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.Polygon
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Length.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Length
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/CompactnessRatio.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.CompactnessRatio
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/AddGeometry.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.AddGeometry
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/ConcaveHull.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.ConcaveHull
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToChain.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToChain
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/constructor/PolygonFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.constructor.PolygonFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsIsocelesTriangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsIsocelesTriangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/AddConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.AddConst
Tutorial/Tutorial_Transform.java
 Tutorial.Tutorial_Transform
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/Polygon.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.Polygon
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/constructor/MakeBox3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.constructor.MakeBox3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/MPointFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.MPointFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/MemSize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.MemSize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/DCT.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.DCT
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/HexWKBDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.HexWKBDatatype
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.HexWKBDatatype$HexWKBTextSRS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/ShiftLongitude.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.ShiftLongitude
org/geotoolkit/io/LEDataInputStream.java
 org.geotoolkit.io.LEDataInputStream
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/During.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.During
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/editor/AddPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.editor.AddPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Subdivide.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Subdivide
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Add.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Add
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/LineInterpolatePoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.LineInterpolatePoints
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/KMLDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.KMLDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/constructor/MLineFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.constructor.MLineFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/SubtractConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.SubtractConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/RotateX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.RotateX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsKML.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsKML
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/constructor/MakeBox2D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.constructor.MakeBox2D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/constructor/LineFromMultiPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.constructor.LineFromMultiPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/StartPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.StartPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/ClosestPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.ClosestPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/constructor/LineFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.constructor.LineFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsGML.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsGML
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/transform/OffsetCurve.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.transform.OffsetCurve
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/ForceCurve.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.ForceCurve
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/TileHeight.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.TileHeight
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.package-info
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/LineInterpolatePoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.LineInterpolatePoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/Crop.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.Crop
org/opensphere/geometry/algorithm/ConcaveHull.java
 org.opensphere.geometry.algorithm.ConcaveHull
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Intersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Intersects
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Disjoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Disjoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Value.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Value
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/TileGridYOffset.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.TileGridYOffset
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/DumpValues.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.DumpValues
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/TranslateY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.TranslateY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/transform/Expand.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.transform.Expand
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SRIDGetAxis1Name.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SRIDGetAxis1Name
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/NumInteriorRings.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.NumInteriorRings
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/editor/RemovePoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.editor.RemovePoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/DumpPoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.DumpPoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/InteriorRingN.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.InteriorRingN
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/Z.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.Z
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/PixelWidth.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.PixelWidth
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/AvgX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgX
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgX$AccAvgX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/ChainToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.ChainToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/transform/ForcePolygonCW.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.transform.ForcePolygonCW
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Summary.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Summary
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/MakePoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.MakePoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MaxX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxX
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxX$AccMaxX
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/WKBRastDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.WKBRastDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Curvature.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Curvature
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/MakeValid.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.MakeValid
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Contains.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Contains
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetScale.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetScale
org/geotoolkit/coverage/wkb/WKBRasterWriter.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterWriter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsConvex.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsConvex
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/LineLocatePoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.LineLocatePoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/CollectionHomogenize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.CollectionHomogenize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/SwapOrdinates.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.SwapOrdinates
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/constructor/MakeEmptyCoverage.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.constructor.MakeEmptyCoverage
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/CentroidDistance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.CentroidDistance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsTriangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsTriangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/PointInsideCircle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.PointInsideCircle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MinXDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinXDistinct
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/EncodedPolylineDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.EncodedPolylineDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Grayscale.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Grayscale
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsHexRastWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsHexRastWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/KilometerToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.KilometerToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsSquare.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsSquare
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/YardToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.YardToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/constructor/LineFromEncodedPolyline.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.constructor.LineFromEncodedPolyline
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Difference3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Difference3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/ClosestCoordinate.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.ClosestCoordinate
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromGeoHash.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromGeoHash
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsBinary.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsBinary
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/editor/AddRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.editor.AddRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/IsSolid.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.IsSolid
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsPointedTriangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsPointedTriangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/AddT.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.AddT
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Or.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Or
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/AndConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.AndConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/GeometricMedian.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.GeometricMedian
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/DWithin3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.DWithin3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/NRings.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.NRings
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/PointFromWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.PointFromWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/YMin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.YMin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Envelope.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Envelope
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Xor.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Xor
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/BoundingBox.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.BoundingBox
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.BoundingBox$AccBBOX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/Geo.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.Geo
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.Geo$Nodes
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/MaxValue.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.MaxValue
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXAbove.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXAbove
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Overlaps.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Overlaps
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/RasterEquals.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.RasterEquals
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/CoveredBy.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.CoveredBy
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/EqualTopo.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.EqualTopo
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/ForceLHR.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.ForceLHR
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/constructor/OctogonalEnvelope.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.constructor.OctogonalEnvelope
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/NetCDFDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.NetCDFDatatype
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/GeoJSONLDDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.GeoJSONLDDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MinYDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinYDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/SummaryStats.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.SummaryStats
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsJPG.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsJPG
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/IsPointInRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.IsPointInRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/AreaSimilarity.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.AreaSimilarity
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/IsMorePrecise.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.IsMorePrecise
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/RemoveGeometry.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.RemoveGeometry
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/FathomToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.FathomToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.package-info
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/ScaleY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.ScaleY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Not.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Not
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/InchToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.InchToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXLeftOf.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXLeftOf
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Binarize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Binarize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/WKT.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.WKT
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.WKT$Type
org/opensphere/geometry/triangulation/model/Triangle.java
 org.opensphere.geometry.triangulation.model.Triangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/SnapToGrid.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.SnapToGrid
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/GeoJSONDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.GeoJSONDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/example/TripleStoreConnection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.example.TripleStoreConnection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/transform/LineToCurve.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.transform.LineToCurve
org/locationtech/geowave/core/geotime/util/TWKBUtils.java
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBUtils
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/AvgYDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgYDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Resize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Resize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Band.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Band
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToUSFoot.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToUSFoot
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/temporal/TemporalRangeDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.temporal.TemporalRangeDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/XMax.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.XMax
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/ClusterIntersecting.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.ClusterIntersecting
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SRIDGetAxis2Orientation.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SRIDGetAxis2Orientation
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Clamp.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Clamp
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/editor/SetEndPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.editor.SetEndPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXOverlapsLeft.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXOverlapsLeft
org/opensphere/geometry/triangulation/DoubleComparator.java
 org.opensphere.geometry.triangulation.DoubleComparator
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/XYZDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.XYZDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/CannotEvaluateException.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.CannotEvaluateException
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Log.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Log
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToDecimeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToDecimeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/PatchN.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.PatchN
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/package-info.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.package-info
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/SVGDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.SVGDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXRightOf.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXRightOf
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/temporal/TemporalRange.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.temporal.TemporalRange
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/transform/ForcePolygonCCW.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.transform.ForcePolygonCCW
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/WorldToRasterCoordY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.WorldToRasterCoordY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/MaxDistance.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.MaxDistance
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/PeriodEnd.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.PeriodEnd
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/Near.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.Near
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToMile.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToMile
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/HexWKBRastDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.HexWKBRastDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/IsMetBy.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.IsMetBy
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/NotSameAlignmentReason.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.NotSameAlignmentReason
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsBinary.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsBinary
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Height.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Height
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromKML.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromKML
org/geotoolkit/coverage/wkb/WKBRasterImageReader.java
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterImageReader
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterImageReader$InputStreamAdapter
 org.geotoolkit.coverage.wkb.WKBRasterImageReader$Spi
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/editor/SetStartPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.editor.SetStartPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/IntersectionMatrix.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.IntersectionMatrix
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXIntersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXIntersects
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Reskew.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Reskew
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/Tesselate.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.Tesselate
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToYard.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToYard
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/PolyshapeReader.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.PolyshapeReader
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.PolyshapeReader$XReader
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/SpatialWrapper.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.SpatialWrapper
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Meets.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Meets
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/parsers/CoverageJsonWriter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.parsers.CoverageJsonWriter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsMVTGeom.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsMVTGeom
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/GeometryWrapper.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.GeometryWrapper
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Within.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Within
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/IDCT.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.IDCT
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Min.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Min
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/math/ToRadians.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.math.ToRadians
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/LongestLine3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.LongestLine3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/RasterQueryTester.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.RasterQueryTester
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/GPXHandler.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.GPXHandler
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/SimplifyVW.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.SimplifyVW
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/AvgY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgY
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgY$AccAvgY
org/locationtech/geowave/core/geotime/util/TWKBReader.java
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBReader
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBReader$ByteBufferInputStream
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBReader$ExtendedPrecisionReader
 org.locationtech.geowave.core.geotime.util.TWKBReader$PrecisionReader
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromText
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/RasterDataType.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.RasterDataType
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/ValueIntersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.ValueIntersects
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToNauticalMile.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToNauticalMile
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/PixelOfValue.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.PixelOfValue
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/SharedPaths.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.SharedPaths
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetRotation.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetRotation
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/LineLength3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.LineLength3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/MinimumRectangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.MinimumRectangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/temporal/FilterByT.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.temporal.FilterByT
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/constructor/PointFromGeoHash.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.constructor.PointFromGeoHash
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/StraightSkeleton.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.StraightSkeleton
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/EPSGToSRID.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.EPSGToSRID
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Force4D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Force4D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/PolyshapeWriter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.PolyshapeWriter
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/TWKBDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.TWKBDatatype
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.TWKBDatatype$WKBTextSRS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/TranslateX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.TranslateX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/Wrapper.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.Wrapper
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/TransScale.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.TransScale
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/RemovePoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.RemovePoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/ApproximateMedialAxis.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.ApproximateMedialAxis
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Overleft.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Overleft
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/MMax.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.MMax
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/AvgXDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.AvgXDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/USFootToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.USFootToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SRIDToEPSG.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SRIDToEPSG
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/benchmark/BenchmarkExecutor.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.benchmark.BenchmarkExecutor
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.benchmark.BenchmarkExecutor$1
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.benchmark.BenchmarkExecutor$2
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.benchmark.BenchmarkExecutor$3
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.benchmark.BenchmarkExecutor$4
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Width.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Width
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Overright.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Overright
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Abs.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Abs
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/FilterByM.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.FilterByM
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/MakeEllipse.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.MakeEllipse
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/vocabulary/Geof.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.Geof
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.vocabulary.Geof$Nodes
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/IsGrayscale.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.IsGrayscale
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Polygonize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Polygonize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/NumGeometries.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.NumGeometries
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/DFullyWithin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.DFullyWithin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsHEXEWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsHEXEWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Scale.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Scale
org/opensphere/geometry/triangulation/model/Edge.java
 org.opensphere.geometry.triangulation.model.Edge
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsPNG.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsPNG
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/ShortestLine3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.ShortestLine3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Perimeter3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Perimeter3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsPolygonCCW.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsPolygonCCW
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetUpperLeft.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetUpperLeft
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MaxYDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxYDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/constructor/MPolyFromText.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.constructor.MPolyFromText
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/ForceSFS.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.ForceSFS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/NumYTiles.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.NumYTiles
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/MinValue.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.MinValue
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/PixelAsPolygons.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.PixelAsPolygons
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/ForceCollection.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.ForceCollection
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/exporter/DumpRings.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.exporter.DumpRings
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/IsValidTrajectory.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.IsValidTrajectory
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/FlipCoordinates.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.FlipCoordinates
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXOverlapsBelow.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXOverlapsBelow
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsEquilateralTriangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsEquilateralTriangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/PixelAsCentroids.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.PixelAsCentroids
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/FootToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.FootToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/LocateBetween.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.LocateBetween
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/IsRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.IsRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToCentimeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToCentimeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Force3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Force3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/constructor/PolygonFromWKB.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.constructor.PolygonFromWKB
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/Orientation.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.Orientation
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/EqualsPeriod.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.EqualsPeriod
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/Azimuth.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.Azimuth
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/DivConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.DivConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/Tile.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.Tile
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/IsPointOnLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.IsPointOnLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/WorldToRasterCoord.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.WorldToRasterCoord
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/NumXTiles.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.NumXTiles
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/BandNoDataValue.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.BandNoDataValue
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/BoundingBoxDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.BoundingBoxDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsSVG.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsSVG
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/RasterToWorldCoord.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.RasterToWorldCoord
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/IsNodingValid.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.IsNodingValid
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToUSInch.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToUSInch
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/editor/SetPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.editor.SetPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/Relate.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.Relate
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/MedianIntersects.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.MedianIntersects
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/srid/SetSRID.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.srid.SetSRID
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/temporal/TemporalRangeWrapper.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.temporal.TemporalRangeWrapper
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/parsers/CoverageJSONReader.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.parsers.CoverageJSONReader
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/LinkToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.LinkToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/attribute/IsRightTriangle.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.attribute.IsRightTriangle
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/PixelAsCentroid.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.PixelAsCentroid
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromGeoJSON.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromGeoJSON
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/Area3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.Area3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/ScaleX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.ScaleX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/transform/CurveToLine.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.transform.CurveToLine
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Mult.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Mult
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Force2D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Force2D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Period.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Period
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/EqualSRS.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.EqualSRS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Crop.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Crop
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsGeoRSS.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsGeoRSS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/InteriorPoint.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.InteriorPoint
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXOverlapsRight.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXOverlapsRight
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/constructor/MakeEmptyRaster.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.constructor.MakeEmptyRaster
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Normalize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Normalize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/SkewY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.SkewY
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/linestring/attribute/IsClosed.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.linestring.attribute.IsClosed
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MinX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinX
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MinX$AccMinX
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/OSMDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.OSMDatatype
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.OSMDatatype$WKBTextSRS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/UpperLeftX.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.UpperLeftX
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/Count.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.Count
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/NotEqualsPeriod.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.NotEqualsPeriod
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/ZMin.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.ZMin
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Exp.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Exp
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/polygon/editor/SetRing.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.polygon.editor.SetRing
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/DistanceSphere.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.DistanceSphere
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/Dump.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.Dump
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/Y.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.Y
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/point/attribute/M.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.point.attribute.M
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/editor/SetGeoReference.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.editor.SetGeoReference
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/RasterToWorldCoordY.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.RasterToWorldCoordY
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/WKBDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.WKBDatatype
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.WKBDatatype$WKBTextSRS
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/ClipByBox2D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.ClipByBox2D
org/opensphere/geometry/triangulation/model/Vertex.java
 org.opensphere.geometry.triangulation.model.Vertex
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/envelope/relation/BBOXEquals.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.envelope.relation.BBOXEquals
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/RemoveRepeatedPoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.RemoveRepeatedPoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/Crosses.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.Crosses
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/transform/Retile.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.transform.Retile
org/locationtech/jump/algorithm/LengthSubstring.java
 org.locationtech.jump.algorithm.LengthSubstring
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/geometry/GMLDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.geometry.GMLDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/relation/SymDifference.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.relation.SymDifference
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsX3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsX3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/aggregate/MaxZDistinct.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.aggregate.MaxZDistinct
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/relation/ClosestPoint3D.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.relation.ClosestPoint3D
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Project.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Project
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/constructor/GeomFromGML.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.constructor.GeomFromGML
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/util/LiteralUtils.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.util.LiteralUtils
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToFoot.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToFoot
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/USInchToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.USInchToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MillimeterToMeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MillimeterToMeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/exporter/AsTextRaw.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.exporter.AsTextRaw
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/Simplify.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.Simplify
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Finishes.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Finishes
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/XorConst.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.XorConst
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/attribute/NumDistinctPoints.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.attribute.NumDistinctPoints
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/attribute/PixelSize.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.attribute.PixelSize
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/algebra/Mean.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.algebra.Mean
io/github/galbiston/geosparql_jena/implementation/datatype/raster/GeoTIFFDatatype.java
 io.github.galbiston.geosparql_jena.implementation.datatype.raster.GeoTIFFDatatype
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/editor/SetGeometry.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.editor.SetGeometry
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/raster/exporter/AsBIL.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.raster.exporter.AsBIL
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/unit/MeterToMillimeter.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.unit.MeterToMillimeter
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/temporal/Minus.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.temporal.Minus
de/hsmainz/cs/semgis/arqextension/geometry/transform/CollectionExtract.java
 de.hsmainz.cs.semgis.arqextension.geometry.transform.CollectionExtract
Tutorial/Tutorial_isValid.java
 Tutorial.Tutorial_isValid
